New features from Epsilon 7.0 to Epsilon 8.0:

This version includes a 32-bit native Windows executable for Windows
95 and Windows NT, a 16-bit Windows version designed for Windows 3.1,
and an updated DOS version of Epsilon.  Epsilon for OS/2 includes the
above, plus a 16-bit text-mode OS/2 version, with features similar to
the DOS version.  All four versions share most customization files.

The 32-bit Windows version of Epsilon can use long file names.
Under Windows 95, the DOS version can too.

Epsilon for Windows 95/NT displays a customizable tool bar by
default.

The complete Epsilon manual is included as a searchable Windows
help file.  You can directly see and set variables and execute
commands from the help system.

The "dired" directory editor can start another program using
Windows file associations, to view or execute a selected file.

Epsilon for Windows has new printing abilities, including color
printing.

You can drag files and drop them onto an Epsilon window, and
Epsilon will open the file and display it in that window.  Drop a
directory to get a dired listing.

Epsilon provides easy access to some compiler help files and other
on-line documentation.  You can search for keywords in multiple help
files.

Epsilon can remember the current directory from session to session.

The "bufed" buffer list can sort buffers by most recent use, in
addition to its other sorting options.  As you move in the buffer
list, Epsilon shows the text of the current line's buffer.

Several commands in Epsilon support the notion of an "untitled"
buffer.  You can create a buffer without specifying a file name, and
Epsilon will prompt for the file name when you save it.

New commands locate and delete repeated lines in a buffer, and
a variety of similar tasks.

In the Windows version, Epsilon's concurrent process buffer runs in a
separate task, and no longer has to share memory with Epsilon.  As a
result, much larger programs can run concurrently.

A new Windows-based install program makes it quicker to get started
using Epsilon.

Epsilon's mechanism for handling international characters is much
simpler.

You can select text by holding down the shift key and using the arrow
keys.  You can replace text by highlighting it and typing replacement
text.  See the typing-deletes-highlight variable.

When Epsilon prompts for various kinds of responses, it automatically
inserts a default response.  See the insert-default-response variable.

When Epsilon prompts for a file, it includes the path of the current
file in its prompt, like Gnu Emacs.  See the
prompt-with-buffer-directory variable.

Epsilon recognizes the .java extension, and knows about Java and
JavaScript keywords.

The OS/2 version of Epsilon uses the same state and bytecode files as
all other versions.  Users switching between OS/2 and other versions
no longer need to make each customization twice.
